In this lesson, we're going to learn how to install Ubuntu, an extremely popular Linux distribution inside of Windows.

Before we do that, I want to a take a minute and make it very clear **why** we're asking you to install Ubuntu inside Windows. The main reason is that it makes it easier for _us_ to build and maintain this course. There are a large number of _correct_ ways in which you can set up your developer environment, and there's an equally large number of ways in which you can make some mistake in the process and get stuck. Practically speaking, we can't help you if you get stuck with a developer environment setup that we aren't familiar with, so for the purpose of _this_ course, we're going to ask you to use a setup that we can help you with, if you ever get stuck with something.

With that out of the way, you only need to go through this particular lesson if you're using _Windows 10_ as your operating system. If you're running a version of Windows older than Windows 10, simply mark this lesson as complete and, and move onto to the next one, where we'll discuss a different method for running Ubuntu inside Windows.

Now if you're using Windows 10, with all of software updates installed, then we can run Ubuntu _inside_ of Windows using a feature called WSL, or Windows Subsystem for Linux. The rest of this lesson - you'll find text below this video - details exactly how you can do that. If you encounter any problems during the process, please write in the _community_, and we'll try our best to answer your question, or update this lesson's instructions to make it better.
